Updated the ACME Client Keys security consideration (#22)
vanbroup/acme-auto-discovery: draft-vanbrouwershaven-acme-auto-discovery.md

  RFC8657:
  RFC5785:
  I-D.tweedale-acme-discovery:

>   EVBRs:
>     title: "Minimum Security Requirements for Issuance of Mark Certificates, v2.0.1"
>     target: "https://cabforum.org/working-groups/server/extended-validation/documents/CA-Browser-Forum-EV-Guidelines-2.0.1.pdf"
>     author:
>       - org: CA/Browser Forum
>     date: 6 May, 2024
>   QWAC-ENISA:
>     title: "Qualified Website Authentication Certificates"
>     target: "https://www.enisa.europa.eu/publications/qualified-website-authentication-certificates"
>     author:
>       - org: European Union Aguncy for Cybersecurity (ENISA)
>     date: May 16, 2016
>   VMCRequirements:
>     title: "Guidelines for the Issuance and Management of Extended Validation Certificates"
>     target: "https://bimigroup.org/resources/VMC_Requirements_latest.pdf"
>     author:
>       - org: BIMI Group
>     date: March 7, 2024

Reviewer: Do we really need to link to this information and do we want to include links to versions that will be out of date even before publication of the draft itself?

If we want to keep this information, I have correct the information and links to the current latest version.

```suggestion
  BR:
    title: "Baseline Requirements for the Issuance and Management of Publicly‐Trusted TLS Server Certificates"
    target: "https://cabforum.org/working-groups/server/baseline-requirements/requirements/"
    author:
      - org: CA/Browser Forum
  EVG:
    title: "Guidelines for the Issuance and Management of Extended Validation Certificates"
    target: "https://cabforum.org/working-groups/server/extended-validation/guidelines/"
    author:
      - org: CA/Browser Forum
  QWAC:
    title: "Electronic Signatures and Infrastructures (ESI); Policy and security requirements for Trust Service Providers issuing certificates; Part 2: Requirements for trust service providers issuing EU qualified certificates"
    target: "https://www.etsi.org/deliver/etsi_en/319400_319499/31941102/"
    author:
      - org: ETSI
  VMC:
    title: "Guidelines for the Issuance and Management of Extended Validation Certificates"
    target: "https://bimigroup.org/resources/VMC_Requirements_latest.pdf"
    author:
      - org: BIMI Group
```

Reviewer 2: Agreed

To minimize this risk, ACME clients must be written with a cautious and security-conscious approach when interacting with ACME servers. It is crucial not to blindly trust servers to behave securely and in accordance with the ACME protocol.

## Authorization of ACME Keys

> To ensure a secure account binding, it is essential that each customer be able to control and pre-approve the ACME account keys that are authorized to request certificates against their account, particularly for certificate types that have billing implications, or that have additional verification requirements beyond what can be done inline within the ACME protocol, such as OV, EV [[EVBRs]], Qualified Website [[QWAC-ENISA]], or Verified Mark Certificates [[VMCRequirements]].

Reviewer: Inline with the suggestion above:

```suggestion
To ensure a secure account binding, it is essential that each customer is able to control and pre-approve the ACME account keys that are authorized to request certificates against their account, particularly for certificate types that have billing implications, or that have additional verification requirements beyond what can be done inline within the ACME protocol, such as OV [[BR]], EV [[EVG]], Qualified Website [[QWAC]], or Verified Mark Certificates [[VMC]].
```

Reviewer 2: I´d remove the "particularly for certificate types that have billing implications" because IMO that´s dependant on the CA if the´d like to charge for it but it´s not part of a technical implementation.

> In traditional ACME deployments, this binding is accomplished via External Account Binding (EAB) keys or via unique ACME account keys per CA account. In the deployments for which ACME auto-discovery is envisioned to be useful, these authorization mechanisms may not be appropriate because the ACME client may be under the control of a cloud service provider (CSP) who may use the same ACME client key for all requests across customer accounts and who does not know the customer's EAB key (and if it did, then it would not require an auto-discovery mechanism in the first place).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In traditional ACME deployments, this binding is accomplished via External Account Binding (EAB) keys or via unique ACME account keys per CA account. In the deployments for which ACME auto-discovery is envisioned to be useful, these authorization mechanisms may not be appropriate because the ACME client may be under the control of a Cloud Service Provider (CSP) who may use the same ACME client key for all requests across customer accounts and who does not know the customer's EAB key (and if it did, then it would not require an auto-discovery mechanism in the first place).
```

Reviewer 2: Another potentail editorial comment. I´d remove the "In traditional" because it means that could be ACME deployments not based on the standard which is not our case as per the next sentence.

> The mechanism by which a CA obtains authorization to accept requests from a given ACME client key against a given CA account is outside the scope of this document and MAY be proprietary. Such a mechanism should be designed carefully to not lower the overall security of the system, and to not prevent CSPs from being able to rotate client keys.

Reviewer: Should we make a reference here to the [acme-client-discovery](https://github.com/vanbroup/acme-client-discovery) draft?

Reviewer 2: I see a potential sync problem if we refer another draft that may have a different progress or not be even published.

> The mechanism by which a CA obtains authorization to accept requests from a given ACME client key against a given CA account is outside the scope of this document and MAY be proprietary. Such a mechanism should be designed carefully to not lower the overall security of the system, and to not prevent CSPs from being able to rotate client keys.

Reviewer: Is this relevant or normative?

```suggestion
The mechanism by which a CA obtains authorization to accept requests from a given ACME client key against a given CA account is outside the scope of this document. Such a mechanism should be designed carefully to not lower the overall security of the system, and to not prevent CSPs from being able to rotate client keys.
```
